When you are building Dapp, one of the first questions that might come up is if you want to build a phone app or a mobile app. We decided for a WebApp for several reasons. We want the Dapp to be accessible by participants from all over the world. If we would build a Modbile App, we would have to consider what language to use so it could be actually used on Android and iOS. An possible option would be NativeScript which is very similar to JS and with this language you won't need to create different applications for differen OS, that would have worked for us, as we know JS. But then it would still be a lot of work to make sure it works on all devices. And that's not even the biggest hurdle. When you want to add you app to a store, you have to got through some audits and to be able to be available in the Apple Store you actually have to pay some coins.
So we decided to go with the WebApp. One of the reasons, and that always plays into the planning of the techstack, is what your team is comfortable with. For us this was WebApplications in Vue and Angular. As Angular is a bit of a too heavy framework for a small application like ours, we decided to go with Vue.

For the whole techStack we used this [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsZyb2T83lo&t=1s) by EatTheBlocks as a template. We added some stuff and changed something up but basically it is already so good, that there was not much to add.

One of the questions on the video includes some topics that we will have to deal with as well..
waqas wahid
vor 4 Monaten
@Hi Julien, please can you guide me on how can I use the ERC998 standard for making composable NFTs and their marketplace. Which service should I use for storing NFTs, is it possible that we can use Chainlink Oracle for storing the metadata of NFTs?

So for the Forntend we will use TypeScript and as just explained for the Framework we will use Vue and we are planning to host it on Netlifly. There you can host at least one project for free. We are planning to do the authentcation and the Login with MetaMask, which is how most of the Dapps we encountered including CryptoKitties, do it. So basically the Forntend will then send your MetaMask adress tothe SmartContract and this will ask for the NFTs, created on our side, that belong to the adress. The SmartContract will communicate through Infura with the blockchain, which is the most popular API to communicate with the blockchain.

So we will then get the URL of the NFT that is saved in the blockchain as the whole NFT would be too big to hold. With this URL we will do an axios request from the frontend to the backend and will request the metaData to this NFT. The backend will be written in node.js which is a great language for a backend. (more info). Here we will use the KOA framework (more info). We will then send the MetaDat back to the frontend. The meta data includes in this example the name of the NFT, the Id and an URL to the image. In the frontend we will send another request to the backend, with the url of the image of the NFT. So in the end we will have th name and the image of our NFT shown in our frontend. TADA.
